src/content/blog/mobile-app.md, before:

---
title: 'CCore Mobile App Launch'
pubDate: 2024-04-05T05:00:00Z
description: 'We have rolled out new security updates to keep your data safe and secure. Learn more about our latest security enhancements and how they protect you.'
author: 'Eleni K'
image: '/blog/post-02-cover.png'
tags: ['app', 'announcement']
---

The CCore mobile app is now available! Manage your tasks and projects on the go with our new mobile app. Stay connected and productive no matter where you are.

### Features

- **Full Functionality on Mobile**: Access all of CCore's features from your mobile device. Manage tasks, communicate with your team, and track your projects with ease.
- **Sync with Desktop**: Seamlessly sync your data between the mobile app and the desktop version of CCore. Keep your information up-to-date across all devices.
- **Offline Mode**: Use CCore even when you don't have an internet connection. Your changes will sync automatically once you're back online.

Download the CCore mobile app today from the App Store or Google Play and take your productivity with you wherever you go!

![CCore is here.](/blog/post-02.png)

We have rolled out new security updates to keep your data safe and secure. Learn more about our latest security enhancements and how they protect you.

### App Enhancements

- **Two-Factor Authentication**: Add an extra layer of security to your account with two-factor authentication. This feature requires you to verify your identity using a second device or method.
- **Data Encryption**: All data transmitted and stored within CCore is now encrypted using industry-standard encryption protocols. Your information is protected from unauthorized access.
- **Regular Security Audits**: We conduct regular security audits to identify and address potential vulnerabilities. Our commitment to security ensures that your data remains safe.

Your security is our top priority. Thank you for trusting CCore with your valuable data.

Commit message:

Refactor project to rename CCore to Blocmin across all files
- Updated social links to reflect new branding.
- Changed blog post titles and content to replace CCore with Blocmin.
- Modified user feedback and success stories to align with new branding.
- Updated FAQ entries to reflect Blocmin features and integrations.
- Changed terms of service to reflect Blocmin branding.
- Updated SEO titles and descriptions across various pages to reflect new branding.
- Adjusted contact and pricing pages to align with Blocmin branding.
- Updated features and changelog pages to reflect new branding.

src/content/blog/mobile-app.md, after:

---
title: 'Blocmin Mobile App Launch'
pubDate: 2024-04-05T05:00:00Z
description: 'We have rolled out new security updates to keep your data safe and secure. Learn more about our latest security enhancements and how they protect you.'
author: 'Eleni K'
image: '/blog/post-02-cover.png'
tags: ['app', 'announcement']
---

The Blocmin mobile app is now available! Manage your tasks and projects on the go with our new mobile app. Stay connected and productive no matter where you are.

### Features

- **Full Functionality on Mobile**: Access all of Blocmin's features from your mobile device. Manage tasks, communicate with your team, and track your projects with ease.
- **Sync with Desktop**: Seamlessly sync your data between the mobile app and the desktop version of Blocmin. Keep your information up-to-date across all devices.
- **Offline Mode**: Use Blocmin even when you don't have an internet connection. Your changes will sync automatically once you're back online.

Download the Blocmin mobile app today from the App Store or Google Play and take your productivity with you wherever you go!

![Blocmin is here.](/blog/post-02.png)

We have rolled out new security updates to keep your data safe and secure. Learn more about our latest security enhancements and how they protect you.

### App Enhancements

- **Two-Factor Authentication**: Add an extra layer of security to your account with two-factor authentication. This feature requires you to verify your identity using a second device or method.
- **Data Encryption**: All data transmitted and stored within Blocmin is now encrypted using industry-standard encryption protocols. Your information is protected from unauthorized access.
- **Regular Security Audits**: We conduct regular security audits to identify and address potential vulnerabilities. Our commitment to security ensures that your data remains safe.

Your security is our top priority. Thank you for trusting Blocmin with your valuable data.
