src/content/blog/security.md, before:

---
title: 'Security Enhancements now here!'
pubDate: 2024-05-05T05:00:00Z
description: 'The CCore mobile app is now available! Manage your tasks and projects on the go with our new mobile app. Stay connected and productive no matter where you are.'
author: 'Christos P'
image: '/blog/post-03-cover.png'
tags: ['productivity', 'app']
---

The CCore mobile app is now available! Manage your tasks and projects on the go with our new mobile app. Stay connected and productive no matter where you are.

![CCore is here.](/blog/post-03.png)

We have rolled out new security updates to keep your data safe and secure. Learn more about our latest security enhancements and how they protect you.

### Security Enhancements

- **Two-Factor Authentication**: Add an extra layer of security to your account with two-factor authentication. This feature requires you to verify your identity using a second device or method.
- **Data Encryption**: All data transmitted and stored within CCore is now encrypted using industry-standard encryption protocols. Your information is protected from unauthorized access.
- **Regular Security Audits**: We conduct regular security audits to identify and address potential vulnerabilities. Our commitment to security ensures that your data remains safe.

Your security is our top priority. Thank you for trusting CCore with your valuable data.

Commit message:

Refactor project to rename CCore to Blocmin across all files
- Updated social links to reflect new branding.
- Changed blog post titles and content to replace CCore with Blocmin.
- Modified user feedback and success stories to align with new branding.
- Updated FAQ entries to reflect Blocmin features and integrations.
- Changed terms of service to reflect Blocmin branding.
- Updated SEO titles and descriptions across various pages to reflect new branding.
- Adjusted contact and pricing pages to align with Blocmin branding.
- Updated features and changelog pages to reflect new branding.

src/content/blog/security.md, after:

---
title: 'Security Enhancements now here!'
pubDate: 2024-05-05T05:00:00Z
description: 'The Blocmin mobile app is now available! Manage your tasks and projects on the go with our new mobile app. Stay connected and productive no matter where you are.'
author: 'Christos P'
image: '/blog/post-03-cover.png'
tags: ['productivity', 'app']
---

The Blocmin mobile app is now available! Manage your tasks and projects on the go with our new mobile app. Stay connected and productive no matter where you are.

![Blocmin is here.](/blog/post-03.png)

We have rolled out new security updates to keep your data safe and secure. Learn more about our latest security enhancements and how they protect you.

### Security Enhancements

- **Two-Factor Authentication**: Add an extra layer of security to your account with two-factor authentication. This feature requires you to verify your identity using a second device or method.
- **Data Encryption**: All data transmitted and stored within Blocmin is now encrypted using industry-standard encryption protocols. Your information is protected from unauthorized access.
- **Regular Security Audits**: We conduct regular security audits to identify and address potential vulnerabilities. Our commitment to security ensures that your data remains safe.

Your security is our top priority. Thank you for trusting Blocmin with your valuable data.
