src/content/blog/user-feedback.md, before:

---
title: 'User feedback on CCore'
pubDate: 2024-05-05T05:00:00Z
description: "Your feedback is crucial to us. We are constantly striving to improve CCore based on your suggestions. Here are some of the latest improvements.
"
author: 'Eleni K'
image: '/blog/post-04-cover.png'
tags: ['productivity', 'app']
---

Your feedback is crucial to us. We are constantly striving to improve CCore based on your suggestions. Here are some of the latest improvements we've made thanks to your valuable feedback.

![CCore is here.](/blog/post-01.png)

### Improvements

1. **Enhanced Performance**: We've optimized the app to run faster and more efficiently, ensuring a smooth user experience.
2. **Bug Fixes**: Our team has addressed various bugs and issues reported by users. Thank you for helping us identify and resolve these problems.
3. **New User Interface Tweaks**: We've made several UI adjustments to enhance usability and aesthetics. These changes are designed to make CCore more intuitive and visually appealing.

Download the CCore mobile app today from the App Store or Google Play and take your productivity with you wherever you go!

Commit message:

Refactor project to rename CCore to Blocmin across all files
- Updated social links to reflect new branding.
- Changed blog post titles and content to replace CCore with Blocmin.
- Modified user feedback and success stories to align with new branding.
- Updated FAQ entries to reflect Blocmin features and integrations.
- Changed terms of service to reflect Blocmin branding.
- Updated SEO titles and descriptions across various pages to reflect new branding.
- Adjusted contact and pricing pages to align with Blocmin branding.
- Updated features and changelog pages to reflect new branding.

src/content/blog/user-feedback.md, after:

---
title: 'User feedback on Blocmin'
pubDate: 2024-05-05T05:00:00Z
description: "Your feedback is crucial to us. We are constantly striving to improve Blocmin based on your suggestions. Here are some of the latest improvements.
"
author: 'Eleni K'
image: '/blog/post-04-cover.png'
tags: ['productivity', 'app']
---

Your feedback is crucial to us. We are constantly striving to improve Blocmin based on your suggestions. Here are some of the latest improvements we've made thanks to your valuable feedback.

![Blocmin is here.](/blog/post-01.png)

### Improvements

1. **Enhanced Performance**: We've optimized the app to run faster and more efficiently, ensuring a smooth user experience.
2. **Bug Fixes**: Our team has addressed various bugs and issues reported by users. Thank you for helping us identify and resolve these problems.
3. **New User Interface Tweaks**: We've made several UI adjustments to enhance usability and aesthetics. These changes are designed to make Blocmin more intuitive and visually appealing.

Download the Blocmin mobile app today from the App Store or Google Play and take your productivity with you wherever you go!
