src/content/blog/welcome.md, before:

---
title: 'Welcome to CCore!'
pubDate: 2024-04-04T05:00:00Z
description: "We're excited to introduce you to the ultimate productivity app designed to help you manage your tasks effortlessly to help you stay organized and efficient."
author: 'Eleni K'
image: '/blog/post-01-cover.png'
tags: ['productivity', 'announcement']
---

Welcome to CCore! We're excited to introduce you to the ultimate productivity app designed to help you manage your tasks effortlessly. CCore combines powerful features with an intuitive interface to help you stay organized and efficient.

![CCore is here.](/blog/post-01.png)

We have rolled out new security updates to keep your data safe and secure. Learn more about our latest security enhancements and how they protect you.

Whether you're managing personal tasks, collaborating with a team, or tracking your projects, CCore has you covered. Our mission is to provide you with the tools you need to succeed.

> CCore combines powerful features with an intuitive interface to help you stay organized and efficient!

### Key Features

- **In-App Messaging**: Communicate directly within the app using our integrated messaging system.
- **Project Management**: Organize and manage your projects with ease.
- **Time Tracking**: Keep track of the time spent on tasks to improve productivity.
- **Customizable Dashboards**: Tailor your workspace to fit your needs.

Thank you for choosing CCore. We look forward to helping you achieve your goals!

Commit message:

Refactor project to rename CCore to Blocmin across all files
- Updated social links to reflect new branding.
- Changed blog post titles and content to replace CCore with Blocmin.
- Modified user feedback and success stories to align with new branding.
- Updated FAQ entries to reflect Blocmin features and integrations.
- Changed terms of service to reflect Blocmin branding.
- Updated SEO titles and descriptions across various pages to reflect new branding.
- Adjusted contact and pricing pages to align with Blocmin branding.
- Updated features and changelog pages to reflect new branding.

src/content/blog/welcome.md, after:

---
title: 'Welcome to Blocmin!'
pubDate: 2024-04-04T05:00:00Z
description: "We're excited to introduce you to the ultimate productivity app designed to help you manage your tasks effortlessly to help you stay organized and efficient."
author: 'Eleni K'
image: '/blog/post-01-cover.png'
tags: ['productivity', 'announcement']
---

Welcome to Blocmin! We're excited to introduce you to the ultimate productivity app designed to help you manage your tasks effortlessly. Blocmin combines powerful features with an intuitive interface to help you stay organized and efficient.

![Blocmin is here.](/blog/post-01.png)

We have rolled out new security updates to keep your data safe and secure. Learn more about our latest security enhancements and how they protect you.

Whether you're managing personal tasks, collaborating with a team, or tracking your projects, Blocmin has you covered. Our mission is to provide you with the tools you need to succeed.

> Blocmin combines powerful features with an intuitive interface to help you stay organized and efficient!

### Key Features

- **In-App Messaging**: Communicate directly within the app using our integrated messaging system.
- **Project Management**: Organize and manage your projects with ease.
- **Time Tracking**: Keep track of the time spent on tasks to improve productivity.
- **Customizable Dashboards**: Tailor your workspace to fit your needs.

Thank you for choosing Blocmin. We look forward to helping you achieve your goals!
